mysteries of vernacular keister a
person's buttocks though the modern
meaning of keister refers somewhat in
decorously to a person's behind the
words history does not begin with the
rear end instead it can be traced back
to the proto-indo-european keister which
described a woven container Kista
influenced the creation of words like
the Greek kiss day meaning basket or box
and later the Latin sister which meant
box or chest in proto-germanic a sturdy
box like container was described by the
word Kista which eventually gave us
chests in english for every locked chest
there's both a key and a lockpick and
the history of keister draws us into
this world of petty crime and
speculative etymology keister may have
come from the British dialect kissed
which was the northern form of chest in
the underworld jargon of the late 1800s
it referred to a burglars toolkit that
can be locked and by the early 20th
century it meant safe for strongbox
numerous theories about keisters
connection to the buttocks abound one
being that it is courtesy of the slang
sims used by pickpockets to describe the
treasure of a rear trouser pocket
unfortunately what isn't safe in your
kist may not be safe near your keister
either
you